I hope that you'd be okay.
I regretted all along
not seeing you before I left.
I won't be able to be with you.
Please
take care of yourself.
You too, Captain.
This is the Taebaek Unit rescue team!
Is anyone in there?
If you can hear me, knock three times.
I think I was wrong.
No.
If the people who were working at the tower
tried to escape through the east stairs.
Then here is the rescue site.
We've finished cutting the gas pipe.
How's the situation there?
That place is way better than here.
The building is still intact
and there are fewer obstacles
blocking the entrance than here.
Let's go there first.
No.
Debris keeps falling.
Don't be silly.
It's just a few pebbles falling.
If you're that afraid,
how can you do this job?
After an earthquake, a building that hasn't collapsed is more dangerous.
It looks fine from the outside,
but the building has been weakened
by the shock of the earthquake.
Even weak vibrations
from the equipment
can cause more damage.
I hear something.
It's weak, but I can definitely hear something.
Get the endoscope ready
and look inside.
Yes, sir!
Hey! Is that the best you can do?
Hit it harder! Harder!
It hurts. Quickly! Quickly!
Safety first! Safety first!
I know. Safety first. I'm so sorry.
I thought I built it strong.
I didn't know an earthquake would hit us.
They're looking for us.
- Did you hear that? - Did you?
Hear it?
- I think there's someone down there. - Who is it?
- Who is it? - Are you the rescue team?
Is that Mr. Koh?
Mr. Koh, I’m Mr. Park.
Mr. Park!
- Mr. Koh! - Where are you?
I think we're right above you.
Please hang in there.
The rescue team is working hard.
Here! Over here! We're over here.
Please hurry up.
There are lots of casualties. Hurry up!
It's vital to lift the concrete chunks
that are blocking the entrance.
The pulley isn't strong enough to take the weight.
We need to dig through with a drill.
That's not going to work.
This is a fortified concrete wall.
If you want to drill through it,
it'll take more than three days.
We have to find another way.
We have an easy way.
Why do you need another way?
Let's start using heavy machinery.
The ground is weak.
It's dangerous for the people under the ruins
if we use heavy machinery.
What about here? Right here?
Isn't the office building safe?
There are no signs of survivors there.
Let's start with something you can do.
I have very important documents in my office.
Are you suggesting that we should secure
some papers while people are dying?
Hey! Let's get the facts straight here.
The person in charge of this site is me.
I’m the General Manager of the Uruk Power Plant.
That means you should follow my orders...
In disaster areas,
the commander of the rescue team is in charge of the situation,
and I'm the commander.
What idiot let a civilian
into a rescue site?
Hey! You!
Please leave the site.
Get off me.
- How dare you treat me like this? - Please out..
- Don't push me! Stop!
You idiot! Hey! Do you hear me?
Let me talk to your superior! You jerk!
Get your hands off of me! Now!
If we can't lift it up,
why don't we push from underneath? With airbags.
That won't work.
An airbag can hold 10 tons at the most.
That's one airbag.
If we distribute the weight to four airbags
and inflate them all at once, it might work.
But we only have one air pump.
It's impossible to put air into four airbags at the same time.
That's the problem.
What if we fill the other three with water?
The fire hydrants weren't destroyed.
We can take care of the waterproof problem. Let's fill the three airbags with water at the same time.
Connection complete!
I know, but the airbags adapted to fill up with water won't last long.
If we secure enough space for us to pass through,
we can install supporting beams and hope for the best.
Let's try it.
We have a plan. Let's hurry up!
Yes, sir!
I think it's an intestinal perforation.
If we don't treat it, it'll turn into peritonitis.
Send him to the Medical Zone.
We have no vehicles.
Car Three is broken and is being fixed.
We only have Car Two.
This is crazy.
The phones still aren't working?
No.
Doc! Doc! Use this! Here!
Where did you get this?
You know that foreign doctor?
He came to the Medical Zone with a patient.
He said an entire village near the town has disappeared.
He gave them to me.
You can use Channel Three, the army channel.
Dr. Kang, do you copy?
Daniel? Thank you for the walkie-talkies.
Thank you.
Nurse! Nurse!
Can you give me permission to use the OR?
I have a patient with massive bleeding and a fractured skull,
but they won't let me use the OR without your permission.
And I don’t have the permission of his guardian.
I'm about to do the surgery in front of door.
You could get sued for this.
Is the medical director there? Can you hear me?
Why? He didn't make a reservation?
We're not in Seoul.
I'm opening it.
It's open. Thank you.
Make sure you save his life so he can sue you after he gets better.
Roger! Ye Hwa is on her way.
She can help you.
I can use all the help I can get. Thank you. Over!
Who'd go in there
putting faith in airbags
that could burst at any time?
No a normal person would do that.
We do.
The airbags are in place.
Situation room! Situation room!
We have secured a path underground.
Let's start searching.
Send the medical services team over here.
There they are. There they are.
We survive.
This way!
Sir, what's your name?
I'm Park Young Man. Park Young Man.
I'm okay. I don't know
exactly where I was.
But Mr. Koh was under
We're searching the area.
Don't worry.
BP 60 over 30. Drowsy mentality.
Put him on an IV.
We're out.
Here.
Thank you.
Intraperitoneal bleeding?
Abdominal distention and weak pulse.
No vitals. Epinephrine 10 milligrams.
His pulses resume!
It's shock caused by intraperitoneal bleeding.
I should perform a celiotomy. Please get him ready to send him to the Medical Zone.
There's no OR there.
How far is headquarters from here?
At least half an hour by chopper.
He won't last that long.
You have to do it here, then.
Do what?
His pulse is irregular.
Operation.
Not right here.
Over there where the sun is.
It's too dark here.
Are you crazy?
How can I perform surgery without a CT scan?
I don't know where he's bleeding.
That's why you open him up and check.
Does he have any other options?
You want me to open his stomach
in this dusty construction site?
Do you know how many side effects there may be?
Septicemia, fat embolism,
renal insufficiency, cardiac stenosis...
Does he have any other options? Decide quickly.
He's your patient.
This is crazy.
Get me a set of surgical instruments.
Get some betadine and lots of sterilization drapes.
Yes, ma'am.
We need to get him out in the sun.
Ye Hwa! Can you help us here?
Doc! Doc! Use Channel Three.
Thank you.
Doc! Doc! Here!
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Whatever.
If you're hurt, stay away. I can do it.
I'm sorry.
Get me a set of surgical instruments and betadine.
Was there an aftershock?
No. It was my fault.
What do you need? Vitamins?
Betadine? How much?
As much as you have.
Can I take those sterilization drapes there?
Excuse me.
Let's stop here.
I'll take care of her.
Anesthetic.
So frustrating!
Are you afraid of shots?
Aren’t you in a great deal of pain?
If only she can speak English.
Anesthetic.
It won’t hurt.
Let go!
Ah.
Unbelievable!
No. No Anesthetic.
I’m pregnant. The baby may get hurt.
What’re you saying? What do you want me to do?
Baby.
Pregnant? Baby?
I can’t do the anesthetic. I can’t.
Just do it.
This is crazy.
It'll hurt like crazy.
Can you handle it? Okay?
Okay.
Then let’s begin. One, two, three.
Dr. Kim! Dr. Kim!
Hi, I'm Martin from The World Times.
Is this the casualty count?
My name is Ki Bum.
Ah, yes. You're with the Korean army, right?
Can you fill me in on the situation?
What should I tell him?
I'm a soldier. OK?
Ms. Ha. Ms. Ha. She’s the doctor. No.
Nightingale! Nightingale!
Come on! Come on!
He's an American.
Are you a nurse? May I ask you a couple of things?
I'm busy.
Dr. Song.
He is a doctor.
Come on! Come on!
He's an American.
What's the latest situation? The casualty count is...
I'm not good at English.
So, I beg your pardon.
This is the Medical Zone.
Are there any available doctors at the moment?
We need hands in the OR.
I'm Dr. Song. I'm on my way.
Thank you. Please hurry.
Okay. Over.
Hey! I'll do the interview
if you take me to the hospital.
Come on! Hurry!
Okay.
Wow! He's cool.
He goofs around a lot,
but he's a good doctor.
Attention! AB positive blood is needed!
This is an emergency! Respond if you can donate.
This is Private Kim Ki Bum, a signalman.
I'm AB positive.
Can you clean here? I can't see.
Hold this with a retractor.
He's AB positive.
I'll draw blood. It'll sting.
Dr. Kang.
Are you hurt?
Not me.
We need a doctor in there. Hurry.
This is an emergency.
Mr. Koh!
You're here. Doctor.
It's dangerous in here.
I'll give you some sedatives first.
Can you feel the lower part of your body, like your legs and toes?
I'm an old man.
I don't have much energy.
It's moving, right?
It hurt so much.
I see your face now and I don't feel any pain.
Right. You did well.
How long will it take to lift this thing up?
You have another patient to see.
It hurts! Quickly! Quickly!
Don't move.
You’re lucky it’s not to your heart.
But if you move, it might hit your spine.
Am I going to die?
Try to stay still. You don't die.
We have to cut the steel frame
and move him to the OR with the shard.
Can you cut it right about here?
We need to talk first.
Go ahead.
Just the two of us.
Is there a problem?
The problem is
the two situations are connected to each other.
If we lift the concrete chunk on Mr. Koh's side,
it'll curve the frame as well...
and cut the other guy's body in half.
What if we cut the frame first?
Then the structure's center will shift
and put a tremendous amount of weight on the concrete chunk on Mr. Koh.
Are you saying that if we save one,
the other's going to die?
From an engineering viewpoint, there's no other option.
There's no option medically, either.
In this case,
we have to follow the rescue guidelines.
The doctor will decide to save the one with the highest chance of survival.
Are you telling me that I should decide?
Whom I should save between the two?
Yes.
That's what you should do at the moment.
Either way, we're ready to start working.
It'll take 10 minutes.
Have you made up your mind?
Give me 10 more minutes.
We don't have time.
Okay.
She requested help as a doctor.
Go get ready.
Yes, sir!
What the... Captain Yoo,
you haven't even started yet? This is so frustrating.
You can only save one of the two.
Why don't you choose the easy one,
and go dig up my office, okay?
We're following rescue guidelines.
Where are you going? I'm not done talking.
Do you know what the document is?
It's an agreement
between Korea and Uruk
about the peace reconstruction business.
Even though I get paid by the Uruk government,
I'm still a citizen of the republic of Korea.
I'm telling you this out of patriotism.
When I go to karaoke,
I always sing the Korean national anthem first.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I'm trying to do something good for our country.
What's a soldier's job?
Soldiers put the national interest first in every occasion.
The lives of a couple of labor workers
aren't significant at the moment.
Hey.
Hey? Are you talking to me?
Yes, I'm talking to you, scumbag.
Nation?
What is a nation?
A nation is responsible for the people's lives and safety.
In other words,
even if a jerk like you is in danger,
the nation has to save you using with every efforts.
As a soldier,
saving peoples' lives is the most important mission given by my nation.
If you want that document so badly,
go dig it out yourself.
Unbelievable!
You're making a big mistake now.
I don't care.
Get out!
Heads up!
Is everyone okay?
We're okay here.
Over there!
Are you okay?
Well... I'm okay.
Sergeant Gong,
there are live wires down here.
Can you check into it?
Yes, sir!
The rescue work begins.
When they try to lift the concrete chunk off of you,
it'll hurt a lot for a short period of time.
No painkiller would be effective.
I have three kids. Two girls and a boy.
What?
I'm talking about Bayu.
I guess
you won't be able to save both of us.
I'm okay.
I've worked for 30 years abroad
since we made a highway in the desert of Saudi Arabia.
I know what's going on.
I'll do my best under any circumstances.
Thank you.
I'm lying here looking at the sky without working.
This is nice.
This is my lucky day.
All of my children finished university.
Can you give me more painkillers? It hurts like crazy.
No more painkillers. You have to go under
anesthesia for your surgery later on.
Clench your fist.
Am I going to live?
Please save me! Please.
I didn't move one bit. I promise.
Good.
I've got to make an incision here.
Three centimeters from here. Right angle.
Yes, ma'am.
When he recovers,
ask him to buy you lunch.
Will he live?
You're going to make him live.
Am I?
Private Kim Ki Bum!
I'm saving someone's life.
Can I tell Sergeant Seo about this?
Wait your turn. I'll talk to him first.
Ye Hwa, we didn't come to Uruk for this.
They didn't come
to Uruk to get hurt, either.
You'll keep your promise?
Of course. It's a blood promise.
A. The head of Haeseong Hospital.
B. The head of Mouru Plant.
C. The head of the Taebaek Unit.
Who do you want to interview?
D. Daniel Spencer.
He wasn't in your options.
It'd be nice to have someone
who's a veteran with disaster scenes.
I know. You guys think that he's so famous and smart,
but it's all about the look.
That's exactly why we want Daniel.
Not only can he talk, but he's also got the look.
Unbelievable! You gossip lvers.
The situation here isn't so good.
There are oxygen tanks for welding.
There's a chance of another explosion.
The ground is weak here. Be careful.
Yes, sir!
Sergeant Seo!
What's going on?
The ground collapsed and Sergeant Seo has disappeared from sight!
Did something bad happen to Sergeant Seo?
Can I take this thing out?
Private Kim! Sit down!
But...
Sit down! Are you going to kill him?
Three zero thread.
Yes, ma'am.
This is Wolf.
I fell on the sand, so I didn't get hurt. I'm okay.
Thank god. I think Sergeant Seo is okay.
Stop talking. I can't focus.
We've gotten ready.
Have you made up your mind?
Mr. Koh's leg muscles have started to atrophy.
If we lift the chunk that's pressing down on him,
he'll likely suffer from crush syndrome.
The shard that's penetrating the employee’s body
is stopping him from bleeding too much.
Even if we move him to the OR,
it might be hard to stop the massive hemorrhage.
If you were me,
whom would you save?
Why are you asking me that question?
You saw them and diagnosed them.
Now you have to decide and let me know.
I know.
But you're a lot more experienced than me.
I thought you could choose the best option.
The best option? Do you think
I'm choosing the best option here?
There's no best option on a rescue site like this.
We just solve problems
as we go along.
I know that, but...
Without any systems or orders,
I've seen patients all day.
I don't know if what I'm doing is right and...
You're doing just fine.
In situations like this, you do anything you can
or let people die without doing anything.
Those are the two options you have.
You have no time to hesitate.
We're not asking you to do
a perfect and flawless
job here.
Doctors can't even find the proper treatment for a simple cold sometimes.
We just need you to diagnose patients
as best you can.
If you made your decision, let me know.
As a doctor.
The order of rescue should be…
A steel shard has penetrated his shoulder.
I don't know if it's touching the spine or not.
Luckily, his vital signs are strong.
Let's give him some broad spectrum antibiotics and take an X-ray.
I know.
You told me over the radio.
I'll take it from here. Go catch your breath.
No. I'll do it.
Is the mobile X-ray ready?
We're out of negatives.
The sterilizer is broken as well. It's chaos.
I know, but we've got to do something.
Please join me. I can't do this alone.
Let's go.
He's under anesthesia.
The patient.
He can’t die here today.
Let's remove the shard.
Quick and precise.
One, two, three!
His vital signs are good.
Good job!
Ma'am!
Sir!
Thank you for your hard work.
Your shift is over. Go get some rest.
They're rescuing.
Luckily, we don't have too many casualties.
All the soldiers are alive and safe.
Is Lieutenant Yoon okay?
Yes, she's fine.
Captain Yoo back there. I didn’t stop him.
I thought you might be worried, so I asked you to come in.
He's a soldier and that's his job.
It might sound weird.
But with Captain Yoo there,
I feel much relived.
I think very highly of Captain Yoo.
Shi Jin could become a four-star general.
I have a high expectation to him.
I don't know if he's good enough though.
He's a good soldier.
He's got lots of people who follow him.
I guess Shi Jin is blessed with friendly people.
It's a message from the Taebaek Unit.
None of the medical team members
are hurt
and they're working hard to the rescue job.
You don't have to worry about them.
Are you okay, sweetie?
Yes, I'm fine.
I'm just relieved, mother.
When are they coming back?
As soon as the airport opens up there, we'll send a plane.
When will that be?
Let me talk to Chi Hoon first.
I need to hear his voice.
They can't use their mobile phones yet.
We need to
call the army satellite phone.
- I don't think you can... - Hey!
I invested money in that satellite.
Put me through! Now!
Your mother-in-law yelled at Mr. Han.
Actually, this hospital site
belongs to Chi Hoon's parents.
Ma'am, if you need anything, let me know.
How many people died?
Oops.
Is the operation over?
Yes. Just now.
Is he alive?
For now.
Do you...
I don't have a lighter.
Are you okay?
Forget it. I shouldn’t ask.
Give me a cigarette.
You're a doctor. Quit smoking.
Doctor!
Nurse!
Excuse me.
Where's the doctor? I need a doctor.
No.
How dare you?
What's going on?
Ms. Ha, He…
I guess I should talk to you.
You know me, right?
I’m Jin Yeong Su, the general manager of the plant.
So what?
I've been standing around all day. My blood sugar is low.
I feel so very dizzy.
Oh my! I'm exhausted.
Get me some glucose or vitamins. Right here.
With some nutrients.
I said no, but...
I got this. Keep working.
This is Housemother B.
There's a patient who's dying to get glucose or vitamins.
If there's a doctor who's dying of boredom,
come over here and treat him. Over!
Really? What's his condition?
He needs his eyes checked.
If he's not blind, I don't know how he can't see
the patients lying on beds here.
He said he might die of exhaustion.
He can still talk though.
What an idiot!
Bye! Over!
What's your name?
Ha Ja Ae. What's your name?
What did you say?
What? How dare you?
What kind of attitude is that?
You have no respect for us, so I'm treating you the same way.
Okay, I know your name. How old are you?
You! You'll pay for this.
Okay, okay. I'll wait for this.
Ms. Choi, come here.
The sterilizer's broken. We have lots to do.
Ha Ja Ae! Ha Ja Ae!
Get away.
Hey!
What should we do?
We don't have enough food
to feed the medical team members and the injured.
We've just survived a life-and-death situation
and are facing a food crisis.
Let's make do with C-rations...
I figured you'd be starving.
Will this do? I made it enough for 100 persons for now.
Perfect. You're the best.
We’ll buy your drink for 100 persons.
It's on Sergeant Seo.
I received a pay cut.
Squad One, come on out to the cafeteria.
Listen to me while you're eating.
At ease.
You've worked so hard for two days.
Headquarters sent messages
to your parents.
Don’t worry.
As soon as the communication lines are fixed,
we'll let you talk to your parents. ow.
Hang in there.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
You'll continue this rescue mission tomorrow.
It'll be hard. So as soon as you finish eating, get some sleep.
About what happened today.
and the situation here,
don't think too much and empty your minds.
You just follow my orders.
I'll always make the right decisions for you.
Do you understand?
- Yes, sir! - Yes, sir!
That's all for now.
Did you come here on your own
or on my father's order?
It's the commander's responsibility
to send the best soldiers to the most dangerous places.
I don't understand why you baking uo him.
If you asked me, I'm not happy.
Call your father.
He’s been worried you.
What about you?
How would you have felt if something had happened to me?
I would've regretted every moment
that I ran away from you.
Why are you just standing there?
Move!
It's my job.
I know it's your job. Move.
Without a sterilizer, we have too much to do.
Aren't you scared?
What did I tell you?
We should've gone back
when I asked you to run.
If I had a wife and children,
I could go home.
Why didn't you get married earlier?
Why did you waste your time?
Look who's talking.
Okay. Repeat after me. One-zero-three-zero.
One-zero-three-zero? What's that?
My laptop password.
If I die here,
go to the C drive of my laptop.
Find a folder
called "Bulbul Bird" under "Hospital."
I want you to delete that folder.
Do me a favor as a friend.
What's in there?
Disgusting!
Delete it!
You'll see more than you can imagine.
My god.
I need you to delete it yourself.
You pervert!
One-zero-three-zero? From tens to thirties?
Delete it right now!
Not until I die.
Oh my!
Let’s got check the patients.
Let's turn it off. It's finished.
Delete it!
Eek! So disgusting!
Is he awake?
Not yet.
We have to keep an eye on him until tomorrow.
Is this him?
The one from the yard of the plant?
Yes, he's conscious.
He's getting better. Check his vitals every three hours.
A hard bone fracture.
She's pregnant, so I treated her without anesthesia.
It must be hurt, but she bore that.
The baby is so brave.
Is that your phone?
It's some classical music that I like
to comfort the baby.
You're a true doctor
and a real father now.
He listens to classical music?
Thanks for your shoes.
Thank you.
be careful.
You crazy idiot!
You don't think
I know where you take your naps?
Ouch! Ouch! Can you let go of me?
Dr. Kang. You did a good job today.
Sir!
Do you need anything?
I'm just looking around. Do your job.
Your shoulder... Are you hurt?
Can you take a look at it?
Yes, sir!
It looks pretty bad.
I think you need stitches.
No wonder it hurt so much.
I'll go get a doctor.
Don't bother. I'll go.
Come this way.
What happened?
I was just clumsy.
I'm okay.
Did you hear that?
I asked you using telepathy.
I heard it loud and clear.
I'm glad you're here.
Thank you for
fighting with us.
Thank you.
You too.
I said mean things to you earlier.
I know.
You know?
Do you know how many years I've worked as a doctor?
A doctor with a scalpel
sees more death
than a soldier with a gun.
If I crossed the line,
I'm sorry.
I hope you're okay.
I mean it.
If you want to make me feel better,
do something that you're good at.
Something I'm good at?
What's that?
Silly jokes.
I think I need silly jokes the most at the moment.
You're so pretty.
You can't see me.
I saw you earlier.
You're always pretty.
Don't be serious.
I'm joking.
I missed you a lot.
I couldn't keep you out of my head.
I kept myself busy,
tried to distract myself
and I drank a lot.
But I still missed you a lot.
You didn't expect this?
Think about it.
I meant everything I said.
Next Episode
Do you go all the way
with everything you do?
I'm a thorough man.
I make sure I stay alive
under all circumstances.
How are things inside?
It could collapse at any minute.
Aftershock! Everyone! Get out of here!
I'm sorry.
What's that noise?
Check the power plant!
What's wrong with your hand?
Big Boss! Big Boss! Respond if you can hear this.
I'm ready to the site.
I don't want to trip and fall.
Is anyone there?
Someone's dead!